Israeli soldiers have killed a young man
during a raid in the occupied West
[Applause]
Bank family and friends gathered for his
funeral near nablas he was killed when
soldiers stormed the balata refugee camp
let's speak to Charles statford who is
live for us in rala Charles can you tell
us more about the circumstances around
this young man's
death yes that raid that you were
referring to on the basa refugee camp in
Naas one of a number of Israeli military
raids across the occupied West Bank
again um throughout the night uh from
nablas in the north to Hebron in the
South we're hearing in the last hour
there been uh quite a heavy Israeli
military raid into the refugee camp of
arub in heon according to the red
cresant at least one person killed in
that raid in balata the red cres saying
that they had members of their teams
that were briefly detained as they tried
to get to uh injured people inside the
balata refugee camp there are also
reports of raids in in various Villages
some close to here uh in rala the
village of el Aon
also um another person injured uh in in
the village of sebastia near nablas now
you know we've been seeing this now for
weeks ever since those Hammer attacks on
October the 7th the increasing intensity
and frequency of these isra military
raids every night across the occupied
West Bank as they hunt down what the
Israeli military say are men suspected
of being Affiliated to or members of the
Armed Palestinian resistance and just to
give you an idea of context in relation
to this potential captive to prisoner
swap that we may or may not be seeing in
the next couple of days now the Israelis
say that they are potentially prepared
to release 150 Palestinian prisoners
well since October the 7th in the
occupied West Bank alone these Israeli
military raids have arrested at least
3,035 Palestinian people that's on
average around 65 Palestinians a night
so it just shows you what a small amount
of prisoners potentially could be
released in this swap for those captives
coming out of Gaza if indeed it happens
and to give you some numbers updated
numbers on those the amount of people
killed since October the 7th in the
occupied West Bank since October the 7th
that 17-year-old youth last night killed
in nablas means that 227 people have
been killed at least including at least
Children okay Charles Strafford there
for us in ralo with that
update